fix(homepage): show empty state when no default widgets are returned (#3187)
redhat-developer/rhdh-plugins: workspaces/homepage/.changeset/rich-insects-sip.md

---
'@red-hat-developer-hub/backstage-plugin-dynamic-home-page': patch
---

> When default widgets are configured, but no widgets (an empty array) is returned show an empty state. Rename the translations from cards to widgets and remove thw moint point hint from the error messages. (Some translations will be improved witht he next translations update.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When default widgets are configured, but no widgets (an empty array) is returned show an empty state. Rename the translations from cards to widgets and remove the mount point hint from the error messages. (Some translations will be improved with the next translations update.)
```
